
            ABOUT 
       REMOTE ACADEMY

Remote Academy is an online course aimed at unlimited participation and open access via the web.
In addition to traditional course materials, such as filmed lectures, readings, and problem sets, 
Remote Academy provide interactive courses with user forums to support community interactions among students, professors, and teaching assistants, as well as immediate feedback to quick quizzes and assignments.
Remote Academy often emphasized open-access features, such as open licensing of content, structure and learning goals, to promote the reuse and remixing of resources.

Improving access to higher  education
 
Remote Academy is an important tool to widen access to higher education for millions of people, 
including those in the developing world, and ultimately enhance their quality of life. 
Remote Academy can help democratise content and make knowledge reachable for everyone. 
Students will be able to access complete courses offered by Universities all over the world with Remote Academy. 
With the availability of affordable technologies, Remote Academy increase access to an extraordinary number of courses.

Providing an affordable alternative to formal education

The costs of tertiary education continue to increase because institutions tend to bundle too many services. 
With Remote Academy, some of these services can be transferred to other suitable players in the public or private sector. 
Remote Academy are for large numbers of participants, also it can be accessed by anyone anywhere as long as they have an Internet connection, 
are open to everyone without entry qualifications and offer a full and complete course experience online.
Sustainable Development Goals    
Remote Academy can be seen as a form of open education offered through online platforms.
The philosophy of Remote Academy is to open up quality Higher Education to a wider audience.
Offers a flexible learning schedule    
Certain lectures, videos, and tests through Remote Academy can be accessed at any time compared to scheduled class times. 
By allowing learners to complete their coursework in their own time, this provides flexibility to learners based on their own personal schedules.

Online collaboration    

The learning environments of Remote Academy make it easier for learners across the globe to work together on common goals. 
Instead of having to physically meet one another, online collaboration creates partnerships among learners. 
While time zones may have an effect on the hours that learners communicate, projects, assignments, and more can be completed to incorporate the skills and resources that different learners offer no matter where they are located.
